1. Who is the key user? This isn't always clear, especially in marketplace sites, so take your best guess.
It seems the key users are travelers in their early 20s to mid 30s who want a unique experience when traveling. People who live in vans and RVs usually would end up liking this site to travel the USA. Another user would be the people that try to earn money by creating experiences for the travelers.

2. What is that user's number one critical goal when using the site? Be as specific as possible if there are multiple options here, e.g. "to purchase a red wagon" instead of "buy a toy".
The main goal is to have a complete immersion experience at the location of their choice such as having unique tours that are not the norm, restaurants that they may never see as a regular tourist,  or maybe they don’t want to go to a standard hotel that anyone can find just anywhere.

3. What is likely to make that user's experience particularly positive (i.e. provide good satisfaction)?  I like that there are 4 categories to choose from so it is more organized such as the “For you”, “Homes”, “Experiences”, and “Restaurants”. There are not too many links for causing friction for the user to think and it filters what they want to do on the site, definitely the “For you” because it gives me the idea if I signed up it would be more personalized. There is no information overload.

4. What is the approximate information architecture of the site? (sketch it out)

5. What is the flow through that architecture for the user who is accomplishing the critical goal you identified above?

6. What style(s) of navigation is/are used? Do they answer the key questions (Where am I and how did I get here? Where should I go next and how do I get there?)? It tells you where you are by emphasizing the category by changing the color in blue and has an underline. The call to action buttons follows the user so they do not have to scroll all the way up to proceed to their next action if they are not interested in the posts that they see.

7. What key interactions does the user have? Are they clear and usable?
The three main categories are: For you, Homes, and Experiences. Once you click on those then it is easy to navigate with only 3-4 main pictures per screen with text information describing the pictures. It is very easy to navigate for beginner users and a search bar if the user is only used to Google.

8. What did the site do well to allow the user to accomplish his goal effectively, efficiently and with good satisfaction?
If you already have a google account or a facebook account then you wouldn’t have to put in much information to sign up and signing in so it is as easy as clicking 2 buttons. The website states the purpose of itself by saying, “Book unique homes and experience a city like a local.” It almost tells you everything that the site can do for the user. I like the button placement because it is using a pattern that I’m used to. The destinations and guests are in the same location as it would be in booking a flight.

9. What did the site do poorly when allowing the user to accomplish his goal effectively, efficiently and with good satisfaction?
The site does an OK job for letting you find out how trustworthy a user is by the ratings but if you wanted more information about verified documents and more reviews on their profile page then you have to click on their profile picture or click the link that says, "Hosted by: <insert name>" and if I was not computer literate then I would have a hard time finding that information.  There are not many things to complain about because I find it simple and easy to navigate but I guess if I had to criticize maybe emphasize the Help and Sign up buttons plus add a change language button on the top-right if it somehow turned up in a different language, plus this web site is used internationally so many foreigners will go to this website too. Also I found that when the user clicks on the post, if they wish to save or share the post in the wish list for the experiences posts, the user has to scroll all the way down or zoom out to find those buttons on the right side of the screen which shows the video or go back to the previous page to save it in the wish list. The button for converting the currency into a specific country's currency is in the footer which I never found for a long while.
